---
author: Prof. Yan Chen, Ms. Yuanmeng Cai, Ms. Yuxuan Zhu
banner: img/banners/tools_01.jpg
categories:
- Best Practices
date: "2022-01-13T13:47:08+02:00"
description: BUPT places high emphasis on the capacity building, especially global competence building, of academic staff. 
tags:
- training
title: To provide global competence building programs for faculty  
---

## Name

To provide global competence building programs for faculty.

## Description

BUPT places high emphasis on the capacity building, especially global competence building, of academic staff. Taking the year 2021 as an example, we organized five global competence/global competitiveness enhancement sessions for more than 150 faculty members, which involve more than 30 teaching hours each session, to equip our faculty members with relevant capabilities and communicative skills. We invited professors and experts from renowned universities around the world, as well as former officials at international organizations, to give lectures to our teachers. The five main themes of the sessions were: international competence, big data & social sciences, PBL teaching model theory and practice, intercultural communication and international research cooperation, and United Nations junior professionals (JPO) training. We also involved our faculty and staff in a wide range of other capacity building workshops and lectures, including the ones provided under the framework of the European Union’s aTM project.

## Importance and/or impact of the best practice

To equip faculty with stronger competence and broader horizons

To help faculty members gain an international mindset

To facilitate the intercultural communication and international research cooperation between BUPT faculty and scholars from other universities around the world

To boost international exchange and attract foreign researchers

To fuel international scientific research

## Source

Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications

Prof. Yan Chen, Ms. Yuanmeng Cai, Ms. Yuxuan Zhu